= Trait ideas=
  * Racism
  * Loner
  * Getting run off by a larger disagreeing group
  * Influence and get influenced by others
  * Leadership
  * Have a home
  * Has a business/job
  * Friends, or other relations. Each Speck has a list of others it knows about.


= Storytelling =
  Randomly pick a speck to follow and generate a live story based on its actions.
  If the story sucks, press a button and follow a new one.
  If you like it, save it to a list of bookmarked Specks to follow again later.


= Items =
  * Can be produced by specks
  * Somethiung can be made special by a Speck making it special, through keeping
    it a long time, getting it in trade from someone special, lying about it
    being special when trading to someone else, using it in some significant
    way...


= Locations =
  * Certain places can become special
  * Someone can build something
  * Ruins of old buildings can be discovered
    - Building previously constructed by Specks at an earlier time, that has
      broken down and been forgotten.


= Economy =
  * Each Speck has a private economy
  * Trade
  * Theft
  * Salary

= Personal agenda =
  * Specks have stuff to do.
  * Can miss appointments
  * Have to choose between things where both can not be done (but are desirable).


= Time of day (and seasons?) =
  * Day / Night at least
    - Should be indicated visually somehow


= Infrastructure =
  * Roads, for example
    - Should give out some light during night-time
    - Specks have some will to stick to roads
    - Using roads can have some benefit (on movement speed, safety, etc.)
  * Parks?
  * Bad / Good areas


= Rendering =
  * Blobs with blur
    - For very large (10k-100k specks), possibly realtime, simulations
    - Should give the feeling of a far-off top down view of a large city

  * Voronoi
    - Could make for a nicer fill of the space than blobs.
    - Might make it too abstract, if the interst is in following the develoment
      of the simulation.
    
    
  * Metablobs
    - Beautiful
    - Slows as balls
    - Could be interesting for smaller simulations
